# Anki

This repo is to hold stuff for my Anki repetitive spaced learning decks I have created.  Currently I only have decks created for Dyalog APL, though it may or may not host other stuff in the future.

For any uploads **Allow HTML in fields must be checked**.  It's not checked by default, so do look at it.

# File descriptions

+ **DyalogAnki.ipynb:** Creates several importable anki decks for dyalog APL
    + **AplStudyGroup_CodeCards_all.csv:** This is an Anki importable deck
        + Contains cards auto generated from notebooks created as part of the [fastai apl study group](https://fastai.github.io/apl-study).  These cards give a simple code snippet and your job is to predict the output
     + **DyalogDocs_AllCards.csv:** This is an Anki importable deck
        + Contains cards auto generated by scraping the Dyalog Docs.
        + Symbol -> Symbol Name, Symbol Name -> Symbol, Symbol Name -> What it does, What is does -> Symbol, etc.
     + **AplCart_AllCards.csv** This is an Anki importable deck
        + Contains cards auto generated based on [APL Cart content](https://aplcart.info/)
        + Description -> Code, Code -> Description

# Fastai APL Study Group Instructions

If you are following the [fastai apl-study group](https://forums.fast.ai/t/apl-array-programming/97188) follow these instructions.  These will allow cards to be added as you follow along in the course.

+ Load the `AplStudyGroup_CodeCards_Sessions<num>.csv` deck after each session you watch.  This has all the cards covered up to the session of the fastai apl study group.  Unfortunately I do not have sessions 1 - 3 broken out (they are included in Session4) but please submit a PR for that if you'd like!
+ Be sure the following options are selected when you Import the Deck:
    + `Deck` is named "APL Study Group" (Or whatever sensible name you'd like)
    + `Update Existing notes when first field matches` is selected in the drop down
    + `Allow HTML in fields` Should be checked
+ Depending on experience some cards may seem so simple you don't need them.  For example what does `1` output, with the answer being `1` may be so simple you don't want a card for it.  That may depend on yor programming experience.  Simply `Suspend` the card and it won't come up again.  That said, I would use suspend somewhat conservatively.

